Add documentation for a git workflow for development with prs (#785)
4C-multiphysics/4C: doc/documentation/src/installation/installation.rst

    <someBaseDir>/
        <sourceDir>

**If you want to contribute to the project via pull requests,** you should fork the repository.
We recommend setting your forked repository as ``origin`` and the `4C-multiphysics/4C  <https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C>`_ repository as ``upstream``.
Details about forks, how to fork a repository, how to clone the forked repository,
and how to configure git to sync with the upstream repository can be found in the `GitHub Docs <https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo>`_.

> To keep your fork up to date with the upstream repository, you can use the following command::

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion
You can set your local ``main`` branch to track the upstream``main`` branch with the following command::
```

>     main/origin set-upstream-to upstream main/upstream

Reviewer: This looks wrong.

```suggestion
    git branch main --set-upstream-to=upstream/main
```

?
